# Setup
create outwad
load inwad iwads/hexen_new.wad

# Copy sprites

# Start Marker
mergeentry outwad S_START inwad

# ------------------
# Map Marker
mergeentry outwad MARKA0 inwad
# Decor, Trees
mergeentry outwad XMASA0 inwad
mergeentry outwad XMASB0 inwad
mergeentry outwad XMASC0 inwad
mergeentry outwad XMASD0 inwad
mergeentry outwad XMASE0 inwad
mergeentry outwad XMASF0 inwad
mergeentry outwad XMASG0 inwad
mergeentry outwad XMASH0 inwad
mergeentry outwad XMASI0 inwad
mergeentry outwad XMASJ0 inwad
mergeentry outwad XMASK0 inwad
mergeentry outwad XMS2A0 inwad
mergeentry outwad XMS2B0 inwad
mergeentry outwad XMS2C0 inwad
mergeentry outwad XMS2D0 inwad
mergeentry outwad XMS2E0 inwad
mergeentry outwad XMS2F0 inwad
# Decor, Shrubs
mergeentry outwad SHB1A0 inwad
mergeentry outwad SHB1B0 inwad
mergeentry outwad SHB1C0 inwad
mergeentry outwad SHB1D0 inwad
mergeentry outwad SHB2A0 inwad
mergeentry outwad SHB2B0 inwad
mergeentry outwad SHB2C0 inwad
mergeentry outwad SHB2D0 inwad
mergeentry outwad SHB2E0 inwad
mergeentry outwad SHB3A0 inwad
mergeentry outwad SHB3B0 inwad
mergeentry outwad SHB4A0 inwad
mergeentry outwad SHB4B0 inwad
# Decor, Blood Fountain
mergeentry outwad BLFNA0 inwad
mergeentry outwad BLFNB0 inwad
mergeentry outwad BLFNC0 inwad
mergeentry outwad BLFND0 inwad
# Puzzle Items
mergeentry outwad ACRDA0 inwad
mergeentry outwad ACRGA0 inwad
mergeentry outwad ACRWA0 inwad
mergeentry outwad AMSIA0 inwad
mergeentry outwad AMSIB0 inwad
mergeentry outwad AMSSA0 inwad
mergeentry outwad AMSSB0 inwad
mergeentry outwad AMSSC0 inwad
mergeentry outwad ACH1A0 inwad
mergeentry outwad ACH2A0 inwad
mergeentry outwad ACH3A0 inwad
mergeentry outwad ACH4A0 inwad
mergeentry outwad ACH5A0 inwad
mergeentry outwad AID1A0 inwad
mergeentry outwad AID2A0 inwad
mergeentry outwad AID3A0 inwad
mergeentry outwad ABK1A0 inwad
mergeentry outwad ABK2A0 inwad
mergeentry outwad ABK3A0 inwad
mergeentry outwad ABK4A0 inwad
mergeentry outwad PCH1A0 inwad
mergeentry outwad PCH1B0 inwad
mergeentry outwad PCH2A0 inwad
mergeentry outwad PCH2B0 inwad
mergeentry outwad PCH3A0 inwad
mergeentry outwad PCH3B0 inwad
mergeentry outwad PCH4A0 inwad
mergeentry outwad PCH4B0 inwad
mergeentry outwad PCH5A0 inwad
mergeentry outwad PCH5B0 inwad
mergeentry outwad PID1A0 inwad
mergeentry outwad PID1B0 inwad
mergeentry outwad PID2A0 inwad
mergeentry outwad PID2B0 inwad
mergeentry outwad PID3A0 inwad
mergeentry outwad PID3B0 inwad
# Puzzle Item, Icons
mergeentry outwad ARTIACH1 inwad
mergeentry outwad ARTIACH2 inwad
mergeentry outwad ARTIACH3 inwad
mergeentry outwad ARTIACH4 inwad
mergeentry outwad ARTIACH5 inwad
mergeentry outwad ARTIACRD inwad
mergeentry outwad ARTIACRG inwad
mergeentry outwad ARTIACRW inwad
mergeentry outwad ARTIAMSI inwad
mergeentry outwad ARTIAMSS inwad
mergeentry outwad ARTIAID1 inwad
mergeentry outwad ARTIAID2 inwad
mergeentry outwad ARTIAID3 inwad
mergeentry outwad ARTIBOK3 inwad
mergeentry outwad ARTIBOK4 inwad
mergeentry outwad ARTIBOK1 inwad
mergeentry outwad ARTIBOK2 inwad

# End Marker
mergeentry outwad S_END inwad
# ------------------

# Save
discard inwad
finish outwad rr_ex_sprites.wad
end
